now Kirk Jones is the principle of
living middle school in back of the
yards neighborhood despite the
challenges he and his children face
Libby was honored by the National
Schools to watch program so let's take a
look at why he loves his job greatest
job on earth right principal of Libby
Elementary in Middle School
600 kids 78 staff members and and my job
is make sure they have a chance so the
kids at Libby my kids my wonderful
wonderful kids we are 100 percent 9 or
'ti community it's a community where
there are no stores there are no
supermarkets outside have boarded up
houses and empty lots and Libby that's
what constitutes our community it's not
that our community doesn't love children
it's not that our community doesn't care
every parent cares about their child
it's just that the the factors that they
can't control anxiety that we see
everywhere not just Chicago but
everywhere with violence in impoverished
neighborhoods dictates their life and so
for eight hours we have this opportunity
to show them something different
teach them something different build a
character in them that drives them to
want to do something
we often have to say which we're not
proud of but it's a motivating factor
that this isn't where we want you to
live and die this is where we want you
to get away out this is the key to open
up another door and my parents get it we
share that same philosophy right we do
not want our children to live and die in
the neighborhood we want to educate them
and let the opportunities take them and
experience things that I've been
fortunate to experience my staff has
been fortunate experience and and and be
able to make a difference for fine arts
programs so they get music drama dance
wire drum line art computers they get
all of those classes the money you're in
trouble against do you know trouble
again today didn't I see you yesterday I
went into teaching originally I really
enjoyed I really enjoyed working with
kids whether it was coaching whether it
was academics I really enjoyed that
adolescent child I also know that there
are things in my life that I'm very
grateful for that I've been blessed with
but none as important as the memories
you get from educating a child when a
child gets it it it sparks a feeling
that if you're not a teacher an educator
you'll never ever understand
okay how much do we love her totally
love yeah we loved him when he came in
with students who want a competition and
dance and now we really love him yeah
more when you see him isn't in his
element yeah you know so cute they were
doing Fame did you see that yes I did
she did she and I was watching the thing
I know I did I loved Fame as I even had
my own little Fame thing you know you
have to understand listen if you love
your job we want to hear from you send
us an email and we could be featuring
you and your job right here on our show
today's I love my job has also been
brought to you by Career and Technical
Education learn more at choose your
future org it's guys like Kurt that
makes me feel about good about the
future with our coal I think somebody's
taking care of them I hope that they all
get somebody like that to run and that
cute teacher because you haven't been
around the school-age kids in a long
time like when you saw the teacher yeah
it was one of the students that I'm like
it's weird
cuz you go in now to your to your kids
teachers and you're like when did you
graduate like yesterday they're like no
I'm 30 you realize oh you look really
young us they all look young